--
= README.rdoc - README for skeleton
Copyright:: Copyright (C) 2011 Sebastian Wallin, Johan Brissmyr, Johan Gyllenspetz, Joel Larsson <contact@popdevelop.com>
License::   The Ruby License
* The above statement is limited to this file. See below about Skeleton's
  copyright and license.
++

= Skeleton

Copyright (C) 2011 Sebastian Wallin, Johan Brissmyr, Johan Gyllenspetz, Joel Larsson <contact@popdevelop.com>

Skeleton is an open source Ruby library for developing...

== FOR MORE INFORMATION

=== Documents in this distribution

==== General information

README.rdoc:: This file. General information and installation procedure.
RELEASE_NOTES.rdoc:: News and important changes in this release.

Issues are tracked on github at http://github.com/popdevelop/skeleton

==== Tutorials, Examples and other useful information

examples/:: Examples directory

==== skeleton development

FIXME: text to contribue
README_DEV.rdoc:: Information for developers that want to contribute to the project, including coding styles and documentation guidelines.

=== websites

Authors website, day to day blog posts from our team
* http://popdevelop.com

Github, here you will find links to related resources including downloads, issue tracking, documentation etc.
* http://github.com/popdevelop

=== git

If you need the latest development version, this is provided at

* http://github.com/popdevelop/skeleton

and can be obtained by the following procedure:

  % git clone git://github.com/podevelop/skeleton.git

== REQUIREMENTS

* Ruby 1.8.6 or later (except Ruby 1.9.0) -- http://www.ruby-lang.org/
  * Ruby 1.8.7-p352 or later is recommended.

== INSTALL

=== INSTALL by using RubyGems (recommended)

FIXME

=== INSTALL without RubyGems

== USAGE

You can load all skeleton classes just by requiring 'skeleton.rb'.  All the
skeleton classes and modules are located under the module name 'skeleton' to
separate the name space.

  #!/usr/bin/env ruby
  require 'skeleton'

You can also read other documentation in the 'doc' directory.

  doc/

=== RubyGems on Ruby 1.8.x

With RubyGems on Ruby 1.8.x, you may need to load 'rubygems' library before
using 'skeleton'. This may not be needed, depending on settings of Ruby.

  #!/usr/bin/env ruby
  require 'rubygems'
  require 'skeleton'

== LICENSE

skeleton can be freely distributed under the same terms as Ruby.
See the file COPYING.

== CONTACT

Current staff of the skeleton project can be reached by sending e-mail
to <contact@popdevelop.com>.
