= README.DEV

Copyright (C) 2011 Sebastian Wallin, Johan Brissmyr, Johan Gyllenspetz, Joel Larsson <contact@popdevelop.com>

= HOW TO CONTRIBUTE TO THE skeleton PROJECT?

There are many possible ways to contribute to the skeleton project,
such as:

* Send a bug report or write a bug fix patch
* Add and correct documentation
* Develop code for new features, etc.

All of these are welcome!  However, this document describes the last option,
how to contribute your code to the skeleton distribution.

== Git

skeleton is now under git source control at http://github.com/popdevelop/skeleton.
There are two basic ways to contribute: with patches or pull requests.

= CODING STYLE

Please follow these guidelines, http://www.caliban.org/ruby/rubyguide.shtml#style

== Indentation must not include evil tabs

* Use 2 spaces for indentation.

== Documentation should be written in the RDoc format in the source code

The RDoc format is becoming the popular standard for Ruby documentation.

Additional tutorial documentation and working examples are encouraged
with your contribution. You may use the header part of the file for
this purpose as demonstrated in the previous section.

== Standard documentation

Each file should start with a header, which covers the following topics:
* copyright
* license
* description of the file (_not_ the classes; see below)
* any references, if appropriate

== Testing code should use 'test/unit'

Unit tests should come with your modules by which you can assure what
you meant to do with each method. The test code is useful to make
maintenance easy and ensure stability.

= NAMESPACE

Your module should be located under the top-level module skeleton and put under
the 'skeleton/lib/skeleton' directory.  The class/module names and the
file names should be short and descriptive.

= MAINTENANCE

Finally, please maintain the code you've contributed.
